		ANNA GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE

Copyright (C) 1986, 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992 by the Program
Analysis and Verification Group, Leland Stanford Junior University.
All Rights Reserved.

Anna and the Anna tools were developed by the Program Analysis and
Verification Group, headed by David C. Luckham, at Stanford
University.  The purpose of this license is to make the Anna tools and
their source code freely available, and to encourage commercial and
entrepreneurial use of the Anna tools.  You may copy, modify, and
distribute the Anna tools provided that (1) the Program Analysis and
Verification Group is acknowledged in your product literature and
notified in writing, and (2) all copies are accompanied by this
agreement.

Also, there is no warranty for the Anna tools.  If the tools are
modified by someone else and distributed, recipients must be told that
what they have is a modification by your organization of the Stanford
Anna tools.


			COPYING POLICIES

  1. You may copy and distribute verbatim copies of the Anna tools
source code as you receive it, in any medium, provided that you
conspicuously and appropriately publish on each copy a valid copyright
notice "Copyright (C) 1992 by the Program Analysis and Verification
Group, Leland Stanford Junior University" (or with whatever year is
appropriate); keep intact the notices on all files that refer to this
License Agreement and to the absence of any warranty; and give any
other recipients of the Anna tools a copy of this License Agreement
along with the program.

  2. You may modify your copy or copies of the Anna tools source code
or any portion of it, and copy and distribute such modifications.
Your modifications are not subject to this License Agreement; your
modifications are owned by you.

  3. You may incorporate parts of the Anna tools into other programs
provided you perform both of the following:

    a) acknowledge the Program Analysis and Verification Group in
    the documentation of the program, and

    b) send a copy of the documentation of the program to

       Professor David C. Luckham      or    Anna-Request@Anna.Stanford.EDU
       Computer Systems Lab
       Stanford University
       Stanford CA, 94305
       U.S.A.

The Program Analysis and Verification Group also requests, but does
not require, that any improvements or extensions to the Anna tools be
returned to one of these addresses, so that they may be shared with
other Anna users.

Source code for the Anna tools can be obtained by contacting the above
addresses.


			   NO WARRANTY

  BECAUSE THE ANNA TOOLS ARE LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, WE PROVIDE
ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY.  THE TOOLS ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT
WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND
PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU.  SHOULD THE ANNA TOOLS PROVE
DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR
CORRECTION.

  IN NO EVENT WILL LELAND STANFORD JUNIOR UNIVERSITY BE LIABLE TO YOU
FOR ANY DAMAGES, ANY LOST PROFITS, LOST MONIES, OR OTHER SPECIAL,
INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR
INABILITY TO USE (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA
BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY THIRD PARTIES) THE
ANNA TOOLS, EVEN IF YOU HAVE ADVISED US OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY CLAIM BY ANY OTHER PARTY.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------
Copyright notice by Dale Stanbrough (dale@cs.rmit.edu.au)

All modifications to convert the code to Ada95 (such as child packages, 
unbounded_strings, aliased strings ) are by me.
Other modifications have not been individually noted out, as they are
rather pervasive throughout the code.

These changes are made available free of charge to anyone who wants to
use them. This notice is to remain with the code.
This does not remove any rights that the original copyright
holders have on this code.
